{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. User can click on the search button on the main screen. By clicking on this button, a new activity will come up showing characters in a list view. The characters shown will be based on the search criteria. This criteria is chosen from the spinners on the main activity. The user can use 0, 1, 2, or all 3 of the spinner search criteria to sort the database.\
\
2. User can click on a character from the search results activity. This will bring up the character activity. The character activity will contain the characters name, picture, description, and an edit text to leave a comment about the character and a floating action button to like the character.\
\
3. The user in the character activity, can click the floating action button. This will change the isLiked database element for that character. A star should appear as well as a toast. If a character is liked, they should appear in the favorites activity. If the user clicks the FAB again will unlike the character and remove them from the favorite characters activity, a toast will appear for this action as well.\
\
4. When the  user opens the application, the GOT theme song will be playing. In the menu bar on any activity, the song can be stopped or played when the user clicks on the music button. \
\
5. The user can leave a comment in the database for a character by entering text into the edit text in the character and favorite character activities. If this edit text is not empty, the text will be added into the database and be presented in the review activity along with a time stamp. If the user presses the button with no text in the field it will take the user to the review activity but will not add any text. This will show all the previous comments for this character.\
\
6. If the user is in the search results and favorite characters activities, the menu bar will include a search function. If the user clicks on this function it will bring up a edit text in the menu bar. The user will then be allowed to search for characters by name. If the string the character types in matches any strings for the characters names in the database, those characters will appear.\
\
7. The user can click on the information button in the menu bar of any activity. If the user clicks on the information button in the menu bar in any activity in the app, the user will be taken to the information activity which explains how to use the application.\
\
8. The user can click on the star in the menu bar of any activity. If the user clicks on the star in the menu bar will  the user will be taken to the the favorite characters list.\
}